
Answer the following questions:

1) What is an array?  An array is a collection of variables of the same type, referred to by a common name.

2) What the code required to create (instantiate) a String array with size 10 named "cats"?
String a[10]=new String[cats]

3) What is a multidimensional array?  An array of arrays.

4) What is the code required to create (instantiate) a 2-dimensional int array that is 6 high and 6 wide named "scores"?

5) Using code, how do you retrieve a String that is the 10th item in a traditional array named dogs?

6) What is an ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException?  It is a run-time error to overrun or underrun the end of an array.

7) Using one line of code, demonstrate how to retrieve the second to the last item from a int array.

8) What is the maximum allowable size of an array in Java?

9) What is a bubble sort? It is one way to sort an array.

10) How does a bubble sort work? It uses the repeated comparison so small values move toward one end and large ones
toward the other end.

11) When might you use an irregular array? What is a good example of an irregular array?

12) Demonstrate how to iterate through an array, printing each value, using a for loop.

13) Demonstrate how to iterate through an array, printing each value, using a while loop.

14) What is a queue?

15) What are the two primary operations that a queue performs?

16) What is a stack?

17) What differentiates stacks and queues?

18) When would you use an enhanced for loop? When you want to search or cycle through an array sequentially.

19) What is "The Collections Framework"? What classes does it include?

20) How do you iterate over a two-dimensional array? Demonstrate using psuedo code.

21) What is a String? A String defines and supports character strings.

22) What are a few common methods for operating on Strings?

23) What does "Strings are immutable" mean? Once created, the character sequence that makes up the string cannot
be altered.

24) Using the CLI, how do you invoke a Java application and provide two parameters to the main method?