
1) What is a Java package?
A package is a group of related classes. It provides a mechanism by which related pieces of a program can be organized
as a unit so it provides a way to name a collection of classes. It also participates in Java's access control mechanism
so it provides a means by which classes can be encapsulated.

2) What is the CLASSPATH variable all about?
You can use specify a directory path or paths by setting the CLASSPATH environmental variable.

3) What does the package structure mirror?
Packages are mirrored by directories.

4 How do packages affect access to Java classes?
The default access privilege grants all members of the same package access. If a member of a class has no access
modifier, then it is visible within its package but not outside it. Default access keeps members private to a package
but public within that package. Members declared public are visible everywhere, including different classes and
different packages. A private member is accessible only to the other members of its class and is unaffected by its
membership in a package. A protected member is accessible within its package and to all subclasses, including those in
other packages.

5) What is an interface?
An interface is syntactically similar to an abstract class, in that you can specify one or more methods that have no
body. It specifies what must be done, but not how to do it.

6) What makes interfaces unique?
Java allows you to fully utilize the "one interface, multiple methods" aspect of polymorphism.

7) What keyword is used to specify that a class is going to use a separate interface?
Interface

8) What makes interfaces so useful?
You can fully separate a class' interface from its implementation. Since the interface to those methods stays the same,
the change is seamless and does not break preexisting code.

9) What was added in JDK 8 that makes interfaces even more useful?
Prior to JDK 8, an interface could only define what, but not how. Now it is possible to add a default implementation to
an interface method so interface can specify some behavior.

10) How many interfaces can a single class implement?
A class can extend only one class, but implement many interfaces.